feat: adding mcp page (#31)
mdn/generic-content: files/mcp/mcp.md

---
title: "MDN MCP server"
short-title: MCP
template: GenericDoc
---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: "MDN's MCP server"
short-title: MCP
template: GenericDoc
---

# MDN's MCP server

```

---
title: "MDN MCP server"
short-title: MCP
template: GenericDoc
---

> MDN [MCP server](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/docs/learn/server-concepts) provides access to MDN's search, documentation, and browser compatibility data.

Reviewer 2: Surely "The MDN MCP server" or "MDN's MCP server"?

```suggestion
The MDN [MCP server](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/docs/learn/server-concepts) provides access to MDN's search, documentation, and browser compatibility data.
```

```suggestion
MDN's [MCP server](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/docs/learn/server-concepts) provides access to MDN's search, documentation, and browser compatibility data.
```

Our goal is to give LLMs and coding agents a reliable and up-to-date source of web platform documentation - so developers can get accurate information instead of potentially outdated content their LLMs were trained on.

## Privacy and data retention

> This MCP server is being run as an experiment. While it is an experiment, we will be storing data about the queries we receive. Please see our [privacy notice](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/privacy/websites/) for more information on interaction data we may collect. This data will **not** be associated with any information designed to identify users. However, while unlikely, it is possible that private information that you divulge to the LLM could be included in these queries. If this is a concern to you, we recommend not using the MDN MCP server.

Reviewer: I realize we link to the repo only at the end. Do we want to add a link at the beginning as well? Something like:
```suggestion
This [MDN MCP server](https://github.com/mdn/mcp) is being run as an experiment. While it is an experiment, we will be storing data about the queries we receive. Please see our [privacy notice](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/privacy/websites/) for more information on interaction data we may collect. This data will **not** be associated with any information designed to identify users. However, while unlikely, it is possible that private information that you divulge to the LLM could be included in these queries. If this is a concern to you, we recommend not using the MDN MCP server.
```

Author: I was thinking similarly 👍

> This [MDN MCP server](https://github.com/mdn/mcp) is being run as an experiment. While it is an experiment, we will be storing data about the queries we receive. Please see our [privacy notice](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/privacy/websites/) for more information on interaction data we may collect. This data will **not** be associated with any information designed to identify users. However, while unlikely, it is possible that private information that you divulge to the LLM could be included in these queries. If this is a concern to you, we recommend not using the MDN MCP server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [MDN MCP server](https://github.com/mdn/mcp) is being run as an experiment. While it is an experiment, we will be storing data about the queries we receive. Please see our [privacy notice](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/privacy/websites/) for more information on interaction data we may collect. This data will **not** be associated with any information designed to identify users. However, while unlikely, it is possible that private information that you divulge to the LLM could be included in these queries. If this is a concern to you, we recommend not using the MDN MCP server.
```

To opt out of first-party analytics, send the `X-Moz-1st-Party-Data-Opt-Out: 1` header along with requests to the MCP.

By using the MDN MCP server, you agree to comply with our [Acceptable Use Policy](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/legal/acceptable-use/).

As this MCP server is experimental, it may be withdrawn at any time.

## Using the MDN MCP server remotely

Add the remote server to your tool of choice. For example, in Claude Code:

```
claude mcp add --transport http mdn https://mcp.mdn.mozilla.net/
```

## Using the MDN MCP server locally

1. Install dependencies: `npm install`
2. Start the server: `npm start`
3. Add the server to your tool of choice. For example, in Claude Code:

```
claude mcp add --transport http mdn-local http://localhost:3002/

> ```

Reviewer 2: We should remove the local instructions - those are only in the repo's README because it currently has to serve two purposes: explain to end users how to run the MCP, and explain to developers how to set it up locally.

With the addition of this page, which should focus more on the former, the README can focus more on the latter.

Let's just have the first section, with a title like "Using the MDN MCP server"

````suggestion
## Using the MDN MCP server

Add the remote server to your tool of choice. For example, in Claude Code:

```
claude mcp add --transport http mdn https://mcp.mdn.mozilla.net/
```
````

## Feedback and contribution

We welcome any feedback you have on using the MCP server. You can chat to us [in our Discord](https://mdn.dev/discord), or open an issue on the [MDN MCP repository](https://github.com/mdn/mcp).

> To learn more about contribution and local development please refer to the instructions in the repository.

Reviewer: Or I guess we can leave it at:
```suggestion
To learn more about how you can contribute, see the MDN MCP repository.
```
(don't want folks to be confused with the INSTRUCTIONS.md file in the repo.)

To opt out of first-party analytics, send the `X-Moz-1st-Party-Data-Opt-Out: 1` header along with requests to the MCP.

By using the MDN MCP server, you agree to comply with our [Acceptable Use Policy](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/legal/acceptable-use/).

As this MCP server is experimental, it may be withdrawn at any time.

## Using the MDN MCP server remotely

Add the remote server to your tool of choice. For example, in Claude Code:

```
claude mcp add --transport http mdn https://mcp.mdn.mozilla.net/
```

## Using the MDN MCP server locally

1. Install dependencies: `npm install`
2. Start the server: `npm start`
3. Add the server to your tool of choice. For example, in Claude Code:

```
claude mcp add --transport http mdn-local http://localhost:3002/
```

> ## Local development setup

Reviewer 3: Instead of this section could we just direct people to the GH repo - maybe framed as "How to contribute".

My concern here is if we make changes to the dev process/instructions it's likely it will be forgotten that the instructions are duplicated here, and you can't do local development with the repo (which doesn't appear in the article).

---

> title: "MDN's MCP Server"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "MDN MCP server"
```

short-title: MCP
template: GenericDoc
---

> # MDN's MCP Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Welcome to [MDN's MCP server](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/docs/learn/server-concepts) which provides access to MDN's search, documentation and Browser Compatibility Data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MDN [MCP server](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/docs/learn/server-concepts) provides access to MDN's search, documentation, and browser compatibility data.
```

> Our hope is that it gives LLM ChatBots and Coding Agents more accurate information about the current state of the web rather than relying on the vast amount of out-of-date information on the Internet.

Reviewer: Could be combined with line 9 instead of a new para.
How about we bring developers into the picture here:
```suggestion
The goal is to give LLMs and coding agents a reliable and up-to-date source of web platform documentation — so developers can get accurate guidance instead of potentially outdated content from their training data.
```

Author: This makes it sound like the training data is the developers

What about '...potentially outdated content from LLM training data'

Reviewer: Good catch! yes, that rephrasing makes better sense.

Another alternative could be:

"...so developers can get accurate information instead of potentially outdated content their LLMs were trained on."

> ## Privacy and Data Retention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Privacy and data retention
```

> This MCP is being run as an experiment. While it is an experiment, we will be storing data about the queries we receive. Please see our [privacy notice](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/privacy/websites/) for more information on interaction data we may collect. This data will **not** be associated with any information designed to identify users. However, while unlikely, it is possible that private information that you divulge to the LLM could be included in these queries. Please don't use this MCP if this is a concern to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This MCP server is being run as an experiment. While it is an experiment, we will be storing data about the queries we receive. Please see our [privacy notice](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/privacy/websites/) for more information on interaction data we may collect. This data will **not** be associated with any information designed to identify users. However, while unlikely, it is possible that private information that you divulge to the LLM could be included in these queries. If this is a concern to you, we recommend not using the MDN MCP server.
```

To opt out of first-party analytics, send the `X-Moz-1st-Party-Data-Opt-Out: 1` header along with requests to the MCP.

> By using our MCP, you agree to comply with our [Acceptable Usage Policy](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/legal/acceptable-use/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using the MDN MCP server, you agree to comply with our [Acceptable Use Policy](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/legal/acceptable-use/).
```

> As this MCP is experimental it may be withdrawn at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this MCP server is experimental, it may be withdrawn at any time.
```

> ## Using the remote server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using the MDN MCP server remotely
```

> Add the remote server to your tool of choice, e.g. in Claude Code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the remote server to your tool of choice. For example, in Claude Code:
```

```
claude mcp add --transport http mdn https://mcp.mdn.mozilla.net/
```

> ## Using locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using the MDN MCP server locally
```

- Install dependencies: `npm install`
- Start the server: `npm start`

> Add the server to your tool of choice, e.g. in Claude Code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install dependencies: `npm install`
2. Start the server: `npm start`
3. Add the server to your tool of choice. For example, in Claude Code:
```

```
claude mcp add --transport http mdn-local http://localhost:3002/
```

> ## Local development

Reviewer: this?

```suggestion
## Local development setup
```

or 

```suggestion
## Setting up for local development
```

- Install dependencies: `npm install`
- Start the development server, MCP inspector and tests: `npm run dev`

> - Your browser should automatically open the MCP inspector, and the server will restart when you make changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install dependencies: `npm install`
2. Start the development server, MCP inspector, and tests: `npm run dev`

Your browser should open the MCP inspector automatically, and the server will restart when you make changes.
```
